oh my guys I'm going to show you how to
green screen for this sims 2 so i'm i'll
be using sony vegas pro 8 because I find
it's easier I guess um
so here goes so you open Sony Vegas and
wait for it to load
yeah and you file and then import media
so you find your swimsuit movie which
would be an air game some food movies
and um you guys have to have download
downloaded I mean Sims 2 green screen
wallpaper which you put on the walls you
know like wallpaper yeah you got my
point anyway it should be this color or
I could be a blue I think I'll put a
link in the description box yeah
anyway so this is my original video with
the green screen in the background is my
sim talking no audio that's it so it's
really quick um yeah it's for this video
and so I'm just gonna sorry
that's my chair anyways so to do the
change to activate I guess okay so you
click on this which I don't know what
it's like a kind of a cross but it's
event effects you can click that or you
can right click on the video and go up
to event effects up here and basically
the same thing happens so you you you
get this pop-up box put a plug-in choose
or dodge video of video event FX so you
go on Sony chroma keyer and press ok now
what you do is click this eyedropper
tool and click the background
so I'm just going to make this
right so hang on our backs are you guys
taking like my time here all right
that's fine they're all right um so you
click on so once you click on the
eyedropper tool you click this box show
mask only and your sim should turn white
now you can see still see the features
of the sim so what I do is fiddle around
with these to loathe her shoulder and
high threshold to make this them
completely white like this and this
doesn't do much just I guess the
background crap
we'll keep it around here and I don't
fiddle with the blur amount just yet so
first of all double click on this and
it's just fiddle around with these again
let's make sure this sim is in all white
that's your main goal I guess so then
you've um ticket when you think you've
drawn it right I guess and then you're
sure to have this jagged around jagged
lions I guess around this outline so to
UM take those away I guess you can just
fit around this bar but if you're
completely good for your sim as a bit
what's called see-through I guess so
dump it out at the top just put it
around here because your sin becomes so
I know we put around the blur amount
right here here and yeah so that's good
so now you import the background so for
my backgrounds and have a random
sampling piano in the background now
what you do is you put this at the
bottom one has some volume in it let's
remove it
all right so this is what it would look
like well this seems a bit spasticated
at the background all right I'll choose
a video so let's see this one it's a bit
random I don't really care so play from
the game beginning yep it's actually you
know just a picture but it does
something with movies so that's how you
do it
if you guys have any questions just
comment and please subscribe to this
help too